Cher, what do you mean? What do you mean?
I saw it just now
What is your relationship with Nanjing?
Didn't you promise
Will I never fall in love with him?
Yes, I promised.
I've been working hard
I see.
We are not from the same world as them.
It shouldn't have anything to do with them
I thought you thought so too
But Cher
Why do you care so much about the southern scenery?
What do you mean?
You asked me not to fall in love with the southern scenery
While trying to get close to you
Face that vicious girl Erlai
Vicious vicious
Song Qianqian, you actually call me vicious
If it weren't for you
How did I end up in a place like this?
You said you would love me forever
Why things
Why is it never the same as what you say?
Song Qianqian, you are not as good as me everywhere
Why are you telling me
Cher, how could you be so coincidental?
We are all you
You woman
What's wrong with calling you vicious?
Emotional things can't be forced
You stop at nothing to break them up.
I'm not afraid of being too immoral and being struck by lightning
They were never meant to be together
What are you? If you say you shouldn't, you shouldn't
I suggest you worry about yourself
Last time I said I would ban the Song family
Why not just talk?
Money Let's Go
Hey, Cher
Come back soon
Something happened at home